NAS-100376: Add "Exclude" to Cloud Sync Options table (#848)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/tasks.rst

   | Enabled                | checkbox            | Unset to temporarily disable this Cloud Sync.                                                          |
   |                        |                     |                                                                                                        |
   +------------------------+---------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Exclude                | string              | Newline-separated list of files and directories to exclude from sync. See                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Exclude                | string              | List of files and directories to exclude from sync, one per line. See```
